src/content/vault/Welcome.md, before:

Welcome to the knowledge sharing by *codepatel* !

Make a note of something, [[create a link]], or try [the Importer](https://help.obsidian.md/Plugins/Importer)!

For more, browse links on the left Navigation bar to check out the [[Team Retrospective tool|Products]], [[The-4Ms-Framework|Resources]], or [[LinkedIn Saved Posts]] for curated content
## Why subscribe?

Subscribe to get full access to the newsletter and [website](https://hardiksp.substack.com/archive). Never miss an update.
### Stay up-to-date

You won’t have to worry about missing anything. Every new edition of the newsletter goes directly to your inbox.
### Join the crew

Be part of a community of people who share your interests.

To find out more about the company that provides the tech for this newsletter, visit [Substack.com](https://www.substack.com/).

<div class="substack-post-embed"><p lang="en">Data Analytics and Visualization by Hardik Patel</p><p></p><a data-post-link href="https://hardiksp.substack.com/p/coming-soon">Read on Substack</a></div><script async src="https://substack.com/embedjs/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Commit message:

Update: Added Blog folder and updated product image

src/content/vault/Welcome.md, after:

Welcome to the knowledge sharing by *codepatel* !

Make a note of something, [[create a link]], or try [the Importer](https://help.obsidian.md/Plugins/Importer)!

For more, browse links on the left sidebar to check out the [[Team Retrospective tool|Products]], [[The-4Ms-Framework|Resources]], or [[LinkedIn Saved Posts]] for curated content

Here is my [[Latest|Blog]] and [Resume](https://resume.github.io/?codepatel)
## Why subscribe?

Subscribe to get full access to the newsletter and [website](https://hardiksp.substack.com/archive). Never miss an update.
### Stay up-to-date

You won’t have to worry about missing anything. Every new edition of the newsletter goes directly to your inbox.
### Join the crew

Be part of a community of people who share your interests.

To find out more about the company that provides the tech for this newsletter, visit [Substack.com](https://www.substack.com/).
<iframe src="https://hardiksp.substack.com/embed" width="480" height="320" style="border:1px solid #EEE; background:white;" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>
